Fix links in the documents (#496)
playwright-community/jest-playwright: README.md

- `contextOptions` <[object]>. [All Playwright context options](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.7.0/docs/api.md#browsernewcontextoptions) can be specified in config.
- `browsers` <[string[]]>. Define [browsers](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.7.0/docs/api.md#class-browsertype) to run tests in.
  - `chromium` Each test runs Chromium (default).
  - `firefox` Each test runs Firefox.
  - `webkit` Each test runs Webkit.
- `devices` <[(string | object)[] | RegExp]>. Define a [devices](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.7.0/docs/api.md#playwrightdevices) to run tests in. Actual list of devices can be found [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.7.0/src/server/deviceDescriptors.ts).
- `exitOnPageError` <[boolean]>. Exits process on any page error. Defaults to `true`.
- `collectCoverage` <[boolean]>. Enables the coverage collection of the `saveCoverage(page)` calls to the `.nyc_output/coverage.json` file.
- `serverOptions` <[object]>. [All `jest-process-manager` options](https://github.com/playwright-community/jest-process-manager#options).

> - `selectors` <[array]>. Define [selectors](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v0.17.0/docs/api.md#class-selectors). Each selector must be an object with name and script properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `selectors` <[array]>. Define [selectors](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.7.0/docs/api.md#class-selectors). Each selector must be an object with name and script properties.
```
